Golf Club

Designing and implementing web application for Golf club to allow 
organization to manage tee times, scores and submit new application.

The programming tools that used to make this functional website are C#, ASP.Net Core,
Razor Pages, HTML, SQL and JavaScript. The software tools are Microsoft Visual Studio and
Micrsoft SQL studio.

Designing tables, stored procedures with proper data types using Transqt SQL.

Handled Sql exception and also programmed validations such as user can't book multiple tee time
in a day.

Followed SDLC, normalized the given data, and designed different daiagrams such as
Component view, logical view, interaction and system sequence diagram.


POS

Developed web POS system for hardware shop where items can be added or removed, customer 
account will be modified and sales will be performed by selling existing items in the system.

The programming tools that used to make this functional website are C#, ASP.Net Core,
Razor Pages, HTML, SQL and JavaScript. The software tools are Microsoft Visual Studio and
Micrsoft SQL studio.

Stored procedure and tables were also implemented in database using Transct SQL

Server and client side validations are also programmed for this website to make sure 
user key inputs are valid.


HealthCare

Develped health management website for a business to allow patients to book appointments,
doctors to view appointments, prescribe medicine and admin to manage both roles.

The programming tools that were used to make this website functional were PHP, HTML, MySQL
and Javascript. The software tools that were used are XAMPP and Notepad++.

Business requirements were gathered and followed SDLC cycle to complete this project.


Devoanire Laundromat

Developing software application for Laundary business where items will be modified and
user accounts will be managed by a business owner. The staff will modify customer accounts,
process sales and maintain order status.

Developing business portfolio website for general business information, services, booking 
appointments and contact.

User requirements were discussed with business owner and using SDLC to complete this project

The programming tools that are used in this project are C#, SQL, and Windows Forms. The
software tools are Microsoft Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Studio.



 